Update interservice-communication-content.md (#4452)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/microservices/design/interservice-communication-content.md

- A  *nontransient* failure is any failure that's unlikely to go away by itself. Nontransient failures include normal error conditions, such as invalid input. They also include unhandled exceptions in application code or a process crashing. If this type of error occurs, the entire business transaction must be marked as a failure. It may be necessary to undo other steps in the same transaction that already succeeded.

> After a nontransient failure, the current transaction might be in a *partially failed* state, where one or more steps already completed successfully. For example, if the Drone service already scheduled a drone, the drone must be canceled. In that case, the application needs to undo the steps that succeeded, by using a [Compensating Transaction](../../patterns/compensating-transaction.yml). But note that compensating transactions don't always work. And in some cases, that must be done by an external system or even by a manual process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a nontransient failure, the current transaction might be in a *partially failed* state, where one or more steps already completed successfully. For example, if the Drone service already scheduled a drone, the drone must be canceled. In that case, the application needs to undo the steps that succeeded, by using a [Compensating Transaction](../../patterns/compensating-transaction.yml). And in some cases, that must be done by an external system or even by a manual process. In your design, remember that compensating measures are also subject to failure.
```

> After a nontransient failure, the current transaction might be in a *partially failed* state, where one or more steps already completed successfully. For example, if the Drone service already scheduled a drone, the drone must be canceled. In that case, the application needs to undo the steps that succeeded, by using a [Compensating Transaction](../../patterns/compensating-transaction.yml). And in some cases, that must be done by an external system or even by a manual process. In your design, remember that compensating measures are also subject to failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a nontransient failure, the current transaction might be in a *partially failed* state, where one or more steps already completed successfully. For example, if the Drone service already scheduled a drone, the drone must be canceled. In that case, the application needs to undo the steps that succeeded, by using a [Compensating Transaction](../../patterns/compensating-transaction.yml). In some cases, this action must be done by an external system or even by a manual process. In your design, remember that compensating measures are also subject to failure.
```
